planner: plan cache support subquery (#12945)
pingcap/docs: sql-prepared-plan-cache.md

- The query contains SQL statements other than `SELECT`, `UPDATE`, `INSERT`, `DELETE`, `Union`, `Intersect`, and `Except`.
- The query accesses partitioned tables or temporary tables, or a table that contains generated columns.

> - The query contains a non-correlated subquery, such as `SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE t1.a > (SELECT 1 FROM t2 WHERE t2.b < 1)`.
> - The query contains a correlated subquery with a `PhysicalApply` operator in the execution plan, such as `SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE t1.a > (SELECT a FROM t2 WHERE t1.b > t2.b)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query contains non-correlated sub-queries, such as `SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE t1.a > (SELECT 1 FROM t2 WHERE t2.b < 1)`.
- The query contains correlated sub-queries with `PhysicalApply` operators in the execution plan, such as `SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE t1.a > (SELECT a FROM t2 WHERE t1.b > t2.b)`.
```

Reviewer: @Oreoxmt PTAL
